DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/events/deployments-page-view-impact-your-app-users.mdx

  - APM
  - APM UI pages
  - Events

> metaDescription: 'APM's Deployments page lists recent deployments and their impact on Apdex scores, response times, throughput, and errors.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: APM's Deployments page lists recent deployments and their impact on Apdex scores, response times, throughput, and errors.
```
